great stuff
Oh Tony cannoli why do you need a drum
competition you guys sound good in it
well the whole idea is to promote drums
and percussion is an art form I've been
playing all my life in the last couple
of years start technologies been coming
in and basically drumming sort of died
of it as an art thing there are still
good drummers out there they're not all
just playing with the black boxes that
do the rhythms for them there's some
brilliant drummers out there and the
whole idea is to find them in the
competition and of course we're going to
be covering every aspect of drumming so
you're a drummer and percussionist come
along get involved and it's gonna be
great fun well you're better known for
playing with bands like Saxon and
Motorhead where you sit behind vast
arrays of drums and they are with just
this one is that all you really need to
practice on though you can all the
rudiments on just one from that's all
just having and what did you learn on
Satyam yeah and there are actually are
drummers who can actually just produce
rhythms you can just learn all your
patterns on their game yeah I like to
get away from the big kit and play some
Latin percussion and some military well
I wish you both have very best of luck
with this competition I really do hope
you find some drummers I'm gonna get out
of here and let you do your stuff